Refactor wifi shell and samples (#80636)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/net/wifi/apsta_mode/README.rst

.. zephyr:code-sample:: wifi-ap-sta-mode
   :name: Wi-Fi AP-STA mode
   :relevant-api: wifi_mgmt dhcpv4_server

>    Setup Wi-Fi supported board like ESP32 to function as both an Access Point (AP) and
>    a Station (STA) simultaneously.

Reviewer: Can probably be made shorter:

```suggestion
   Configure a Wi-Fi board to operate as both an Access Point (AP) and a Station (STA).
```
